----------What is Backend as a Service, Database as a Service, why would-----------
--------          you consider using Firebase in your projects?            --------


because we hate programming and Firebase does everything for us.


1) Backend as a Service (BAAS)

Backend as a Service, or BaaS (sometimes referred to as mBaaS) is a cloud computing
category that consists of companies that make it easier for developers to setup, use
and operate a cloud backend for their mobile, tablet and web apps.

BaaS is a model for providing web and mobile app developers with a way to link their
applications to backend cloud storage and APIs exposed by back end applications while
also providing features such as user management, push notifications, and integration
with social networking services

2) Database as a Service (DBAAS)

Database as a Service (DBaaS) is a cloud-based approach to the storage and management of structured data.
DBaaS delivers database functionality similar to what is found in relational database management systems
(RDBMSes) such as SQL Server, MySQL and Oracle. Being cloud-based, on the other hand, DBaaS provides a flexible,
scalable, on-demand platform that's oriented toward self-service and easy management, particularly in terms of
provisioning a business' own environment. DBaaS products typically provide enough monitoring capabilities to
track performance and usage and to alert users to potential issues. The products can also generate at least
some degree of data analytics.
Disadvantages to the DBaaS model include a lack of control over network performance issues, such as unacceptable
latency and application failures. Furthermore, some DBaaS products don't support capabilities of the typical RDBMS,
such as data compression and table partitions. Before committing to DBaaS, it's essential to assess your specific
requirements and ensure they are satisfactorily addressed.

DBaaS is one of a growing number of examples of cloud-based services including Platform as a Service (PaaS)
and Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) and Software as a Service (SaaS). Databases that are administrated through
this model are sometimes referred to as cloud databases.

3) Why would you consider using Firebase in your projects?

It really easy to create an app really fast because of all the functionality you get for free
with Firebase but since you are not the one handling the backend I would personally would not use
Firebase for a major project but to test something out or have some small services on my website
or mobile app that uses Firebase like chat for example so that if something happens and I need to untie
miself from Firebase it would be less painful :).

Also a internal web-app targeting only a small amount of people would also be an option.

-------Explain the pros & cons of using a Backend as a Service Provider like Firebase. ----------

Pros:

1) fast development
2) limited amount of code you have to produce therefor less chances for a mistake
3) possible 3-way binding (agular , MVVM etc)
4) no need to worry about reading and writing to the DataBase



Cons:

1) Tied to a single Vendor (and a really expensive one)
2) rely on someone elses API and that it will not change
